dont detach on autoattach (#2176)
canonical/ubuntu-advantage-client: docs/source/tutorials/create_a_fips_updates_pro_cloud_image.md

## Step 2: Enable FIPS Updates

First wait for the standard Ubuntu Pro services to be set up.

```bash
sudo ua status --wait
```

Then use [the enable command](../howtoguides/enable_fips.md) to setup FIPS Updates.
```bash
sudo ua enable fips-updates --assume-yes
```

Now reboot the instance
```bash
sudo reboot
```

And verify that `fips-updates` is enabled in the output of `ua status`
```bash
sudo ua status
```

## Step 3: Snapshot the instance as a cloud image

Cloud-specific instructions are here:
* [AWS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/toolkit-for-visual-studio/latest/user-guide/tkv-create-ami-from-instance.html)
* [Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/capture-image-resource)
* [GCP](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/machine-images/create-machine-images)

## Step 4: Launch your custom image!

Use your specific cloud to launch a new instance from your custom image.

You will need to re-enable fips-updates on each instance that is launched from the custom image.

This won't require a reboot and is only necessary to ensure the instance gets updates to fips packages when they become available.

```bash
sudo ua enable fips-updates --assume-yes
```

> You can easily script this using [cloud-init](https://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/modules.html#runcmd)

Reviewer: Might as well just provide that for folks:
```suggestion
You can easily script with the user-data at launch time using [cloud-init](https://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/modules.html#runcmd)
```
#cloud-config
runcmd:
 - 'ua status --wait'
 - 'ua enable fips-updates --assume-yes'
power_state:
  mode: reboot
```

```

Author: The reboot is specifically not required, but point taken! I'll add the runcmd config to the doc.
